README.md, before:

Baruch: Manga Downloader  
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/adrianonrails/manga-downloader.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/adrianonrails/manga-downloader)
======
**Baruch: Manga Downloader**  is as its name says, a manga downloader. It's a desktop application that runs on major platforms (e.g. Windows, Linux, MacOSX).

## Download
* [Windows]()
* Linux
    - [Deb]() 
    - [AppImage]() 
* [MacOSX]()

## Features
### Implemented Features
- [x] Search manga
- [x] Download manga
- [x] Chapter selection
- [x] Compress chapters to CBZ
- [x] Manga sources (GoodManga, MangaReader)
- [x] Friendly UI
- [x] Dark mode / Light mode
### Upcoming Features
- [ ] Auto update manga
- [ ] Add more sources
- [ ] Bookmark
#### Want to request a feature? [Submit a request.](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/issues/new)
#### Found some bugs? [Report it here.](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/issues/new)

## Screenshot
- Search Page  
    ![search page](screenshots/searchpage.png "Search Page")

- Manga info  
    ![manga info](screenshots/mangainfo.png "Manga Info")

- Additional download configurations  
    ![download config](screenshots/downloadconfigs.png "Download config")

- Downloads list  
    ![downloads list](screenshots/downloadslist.png "Downloads list")

- Output (folder)  
    ![output folder](screenshots/outputfolder.png "Output folder")

- Light mode  
    ![light mode downloads list](screenshots/lightmodedownloadslist.png "Light mode downloads list")
    ![light mode search page](screenshots/lightmodesearchpage.png "Light mode search page")
    ![light mode empty download](screenshots/lightmodeemptydownload.png "Light mode empty download")

## Contributors

### Contributors on GitHub
* [Contributors](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/graphs/contributors)

## License 
* see [LICENSE](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/blob/master/LICENSE) file

## Contact
### Your dev
* e-mail: adrian.onrails@gmail.com

## Support your dev
[![Buy me a coffee](https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi2.png?v=0)](https://ko-fi.com/S6S6EEF0)  
Or via paypal [![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=ECAGVBSCCMJHG)

## Disclaimer
The manga that you downloaded using this app are not mine and are just crawled from other aggregators.

Commit message:

Update README with download links

README.md, after:

![search page](build/256x256.png "Search Page")  
Baruch: Manga Downloader  
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/adrianonrails/manga-downloader.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/adrianonrails/manga-downloader)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/kjcwn6xg1ljn8ml8?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/adrianonrails/manga-downloader)

======
**Baruch: Manga Downloader**  is as its name says, a manga downloader. It's a desktop application that runs on major platforms (e.g. Windows, Linux, OSX).

## Download
* [Windows](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/releases/download/v0.0.5/baruch-manga-downloader-setup-0.0.5.exe)
* Linux
    - [deb](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/releases/download/v0.0.5/baruch-manga-downloader_0.0.5_amd64.deb) 
    - [AppImage](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/releases/download/v0.0.5/baruch-manga-downloader-0.0.5-x86_64.AppImage)
        > Give an executable permission to the file so that you can run it  
        `chmod +x baruchmangadownloaderfile.appimage` 
* [OSX](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/releases/download/v0.0.5/baruch-manga-downloader-0.0.5.dmg)

## Features
- [x] Search manga
- [x] Download manga
- [x] Chapter selection
- [x] Compress chapters to CBZ
- [x] Manga sources (GoodManga, MangaReader)
- [x] Friendly UI
- [x] Dark mode / Light mode
### Upcoming Features
- [ ] Auto update manga
- [ ] Add more sources
- [ ] Bookmark
#### Want to request a feature? [Submit a request.](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/issues/new)
#### Found some bugs? [Report it here.](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/issues/new)

## Screenshots
- Search Page  
    ![search page](screenshots/searchpage.png "Search Page")

- Manga info  
    ![manga info](screenshots/mangainfo.png "Manga Info")

- Downloads list  
    ![downloads list](screenshots/downloadslist.png "Downloads list")

- Light mode  
    ![light mode downloads list](screenshots/lightmodedownloadslist.png "Light mode downloads list")
    ![light mode search page](screenshots/lightmodesearchpage.png "Light mode search page")
    ![light mode empty download](screenshots/lightmodeemptydownload.png "Light mode empty download")

## Contributors

### Contributors on GitHub
* [Contributors](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/graphs/contributors)

## License 
* see [LICENSE](https://github.com/adrianonrails/manga-downloader/blob/master/LICENSE) file

## Contact
### Your dev
* e-mail: adrian.onrails@gmail.com

## Support your dev
[![Buy me a coffee](https://az743702.vo.msecnd.net/cdn/kofi2.png?v=0)](https://ko-fi.com/S6S6EEF0)

## Disclaimer
The manga that you downloaded using this app are not mine and are just crawled from other aggregators.
